Feat/add ml example (#17)
Cosmian/mse-app-examples: digit_recognition_trust_owner/README.md

# Digit recognition with trusted owner

> The aim of this demo is to provide an app to do digit recognition from a drawn canva, based on a trained model, using tensorflow and keras.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aim of this demo is to provide an app to perform digit recognition from a drawn canvas, based on a trained model, using `tensorflow` and `keras`.
```

> In this example we use a custom certificate provided by the app owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we use a custom certificate provided by the app owner.
```
